docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/run-arbitrum-node/arbos-releases/arbos32.mdx

ArbOS 32 Bianca brings many features, improvements, and bug fixes to Arbitrum chains. A full list of changes can be found in the Nitro release notes for [Nitro v3.3.1](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/nitro/releases/tag/v3.3.1) or higher (as Nitro 3.3.1 is the endorsed Nitro node version for ArbOS 32 Bianca). Highlighted below are a few of the most impactful and critical features that are introduced with ArbOS 32 Bianca:

- Addition and subsequent activation of [Stylus](../../stylus/gentle-introduction.mdx) on Arbitrum chains through the addition of a new WebAssembly-based (WASM) virtual machine that runs alongside the EVM. Stylus enables developers to write smart contracts in new programming languages that compile to WASM, like Rust, that are more efficient and safer than Solidity smart contracts while retaining complete interoperability.

> - Adding support for [RIP-7212](https://github.com/ethereum/RIPs/blob/master/RIPS/rip-7212.md) decreases the costs of verifying the secp256r1 curve onchain [by 99% when compared to current implementations](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/what-is-rip-7212), making secp256r1 verification more feasible for everyday use and enabling dApp developers and protocols to offer their users improved UX on Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova. Without this precompile, verifying this signature onchain is extremely expensive. Passkey-based wallets offer better security than a typical EOA and cross-device support. Many wallets, notably apps using embedded wallets, have been requesting this feature for over a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding support for [RIP-7212](https://github.com/ethereum/RIPs/blob/master/RIPS/rip-7212.md) decreases the costs of verifying the secp256r1 curve onchain [by 99% when compared to current implementations](https://www.alchemy.com/blog/what-is-rip-7212), making secp256r1 verification more feasible for everyday use and enabling application developers and protocols to offer their users improved UX on Arbitrum One and Arbitrum Nova. Without this precompile, verifying this signature onchain is extremely expensive. Passkey-based wallets offer better security than a typical externally owned account (EOA) and cross-device support. Many wallets, notably apps using embedded wallets, have been requesting this feature for over a year.
```
